docs: add dashboard cta to welcome page (#5156)
garden-io/garden: docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

# Quickstart Guide

{% hint style="info" %}

> An interactive quickstart is also available by logging in to the Garden Web Dashboard. With the dashboard you can see the status of your builds and deployments, stream logs in real-time, and manage ephemeral clusters. To get started, [launch the Garden Web Dashboard](https://app.garden.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An interactive quickstart is also available by logging in to the Garden Web Dashboard. With the dashboard you can access command history, stream logs in real-time, view the status of your builds, tests, and deploys, visualize your dependency graph, and manage your free ephemeral clusters. To get started, [launch the Garden Web Dashboard](https://app.garden.io).
```
